README.md, before:

# my-portfolio
# portfolio3
The motivation behind this project was to display my skills as a junior web developer by displaying my previous projects and creating the website myself. furthermore it was also to tell a bit about my personal life and what has led me to the position i am in today which is currently a student in the UT Fullstack web development program.
Installation:
Created by me through VS Code
## Link to my site:
https://starkoiii.github.io/portfolio3/
## Link to previous work:
https://starkoiii.github.io/horiseon-refactor/

https://mayphamx.github.io/bingbong-project1/

https://github.com/mayphamx/PawfectMatch

## A screenshot of the site:

![Alt text](./assets/images/site.png)

￼

## License
Installation GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work WHEN I load their portfolio THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others WHEN I click on the images of the applications THEN I am taken to that deployed application WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

## Usage
A page that allows for potential employers to view my work and learn a little something about me.

## License
N/A

## How to Contribute
Willing to accept any constructive criticism to improve my future projects or current projects improvements in functionality or style!

Commit message:

redesigned the entirety of the page except the colorway

README.md, after:

# my-portfolio
# portfolio3
The motivation behind this project was to display my skills as a junior web developer by displaying my previous projects and creating the website myself. furthermore it was also to tell a bit about my personal life and what has led me to the position i am in today which is currently a student in the UT Fullstack web development program.
Installation:
Created by me through VS Code
## Link to my site:
https://starkoiii.github.io/portfolio3/
## Link to previous work:
https://starkoiii.github.io/horiseon-refactor/

https://mayphamx.github.io/bingbong-project1/

https://github.com/mayphamx/PawfectMatch

## A screenshot of the site:

![Alt text](./assets/images/site.png)

￼

## License
Installation GIVEN I need to sample a potential employee's previous work WHEN I load their portfolio THEN I am presented with the developer's name, a recent photo or avatar, and links to sections about them, their work, and how to contact them WHEN I click one of the links in the navigation THEN the UI scrolls to the corresponding section WHEN I click on the link to the section about their work THEN the UI scrolls to a section with titled images of the developer's applications WHEN I am presented with the developer's first application THEN that application's image should be larger in size than the others WHEN I click on the images of the applications THEN I am taken to that deployed application WHEN I resize the page or view the site on various screens and devices THEN I am presented with a responsive layout that adapts to my viewport

## Usage
A page that allows for potential employers to view my work and learn a little something about me.

## License
N/A

## How to Contribute
Willing to accept any constructive criticism to improve my future projects or current projects improvements in functionality or style! Please contact me through my contact information displayed on my portfolio web page.
